Time
Unit    Duration        Perform
Round   10 sec          Round Rest
Stretch 15 min          Explore Room/Stretch Rest
Shift   6 hours         Hike 15 km / Shift Rest

Rolling
Roll Under system: Roll equal to or less than your target (skill or ability) to succeed
1 "Dragon" is a critical success
20 "Demon" is a citical failure

If you roll less than or equal to your skill value, you succeed
Boon: roll an additional d20 and choose best
Bane: roll an additional d20 and choose worst
multiples are possible and opposites cancel each other out one for one

Pushing a Roll
If you fail, but not critically, you can push the roll; reroll all dice and gain a condition of your choice

Conditions
Each stat has an associated condition. If you have a condition marked then all rolls associted with that stat have a Bane.
If you need to suffer a condition you already have, choose another condition to gain instead.
If you have all 6 conditions and suffer another, lose D6 WP; if you are also out of WP, lose D6 HP.
You can heal one condition during a stretch rest and all conditions during a shift rest.

Combat
On your turn you can move and perform one action.
Initiative: card order, lowest first. Flip you card after acting.

Actions:
Activate Ability - Use innate  or heroic ability
Break Down Door - Auto hit - just roll weapon damage
Cast Spell - Most spells are an action to cast.
Dash - move up to your movement (double move)
Disarm - opposed weapon skill roll (bane vs 2H weapon). On success weapon lands D6 meters in chosen direction.
Dodge - after a successful attack, before damage is rolled you may attempt to dodge. This uses your action for this turn. Roll your Evade to dodge. If successful take no damage and, if desired, move 2m in any direction.
Equip/Unequip Armor - Add or remove protective gear
Find Weak Spot - with piercing weapon only, roll with bane and ignore armor if successful
First Aid - use Healing skill on downed ally
Grapple - opposed Brawling roll. On fail fall prone. On success tackle opponent to ground may make unarmed attacks with Boon that cannot be dodgeed or parried.
Help - Help another character - they get a boon to their roll
Melee Attack - Attack a foe within 2m (4m for long weapons). Can be Dodged or Parried.
Parry - after a successful attack, before damage is rolled you may attempt to parry. This uses your action for this turn. Roll your weapon skill (or any str weapon skill for shield). If successful, damage is compared to the parrying weapon's durability. 
Pick Lock - Sleight of Hands roll to open the lock
Pick up Item - moe any item from 2m into your inventory
Rally - use Persuade to keep downed ally going
Ranged Attack - Attack a foe within the weapon's range. Can be Dodged or Parried but only with a shield.
Round Rest - recover 1D6 WP, only available once per shift
Topple - weapons skill vs Evade
Use Item - Drink potion, or otherwise interact with objects within 2m

Crits: (choose one)
double damage dice of attack (not bonuses)
piercing damage: ignore armor
melee: second attack on another foe as a free action
magic: double spell range
magic: spell cost 0WP
magic: cast again as free action, but with a bane


Damage / Death:
Subtract Armor Rating from damage. If all damage is negated, the attacking weapon suffers the damage.
If your HP reaches zero you drop to the ground and start making CON saves each turn (like 5th ed). 3 success gain D6 HP, 3 Fails = death.
Suffering additional damage counts as a failed death saving roll.
Rally - another player can rally you - you can act as normal, but still make death saves
Successful healing rolls will save you from death, you cannot roll healing on yourself for this, though.

Magic:
Magic tricks cost 1WP
Spells cost 2WP per power level
When at 0WP you can draw from your own body: Roll any die you like, take that as damage and also as WP that must be used immediately
Reaction spells do not use your turn, unlike Parry and Dodge
